# cerkit-pathfinder Hero Lab plugin

This plugin is for Hero Lab. It adds new gear, weapons, and other custom game items for Pathfinder.

## Files
* cerkit.user - The XML-based user settings file used to define the items. This file should be copied to C:\ProgramData\Hero Lab\data\pathfinder (unless you use the .hl file described below)
* cerkit-pathfinder.hl - The hero lab file that you can double-click on to install the new items into Hero Lab. It will copy the files into the correct folders for you automatically. This file has to be regenerated by Hero Lab after each change to the .user file. See [Moving User Files (.user files) to the iPad](http://www.wolflair.com/index.php?context=hero_lab&page=custom_content_on_the_ipad#userfiles) for instructions on how to do this.
* Prerolled Characters.por - A portfolio file containing pre-rolled characters for use with Pathfinder

## Items
Here is a list of the items that are in the initial release. I will try to keep this list up-to-date as items are added

* Family Cloak - This is a piece of armor that is identical to studded leather. However, it requires the "Attached" drawback. Since it was given to the PC by a relative on their deathbed, they are allowed to add it to their character without any gp expenditure (it's worth 50gp). I made it as the object that a PC is attached to after he rolled the Attached(object) drawback. Because this cloak is the object of attachment, it cannot be unequipped.
* Investigator's Sword Cane - Identical to the sword cane found in Ultimate Equipment. However, this sword cane is cheaper and can only be purchased and equipped by a character with the Investigator class.



